Execution API (#396)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/20 Execution API.md

		'myscenario': {
			executor: 'shared-iterations',
			maxDuration: 30m
		}
	}
}

export default function() {
	console.log(exec.scenario.name) // myscenario 
}
```

The module exports some main root objects: `scenario`, `instance` and `vu`. They can be accessed for getting the specific properties containing the detailed execution information for their specific context.

### Scenario

| Field               | Type    | Description                                                              |
|---------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name                | string  | It is the assigned name of the running scenario.                                |
| executor            | string  | It is the name of the running [Executor](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/scenarios/#executors).                                                |
| startTime           | integer | It reperesents the unix timestamp in milliseconds when the scenario started.                                                                           |
| progress            | float   | Percentage in a 0 to 1 interval of the scenario progress.                    |

> | iterationInInstance | integer | The unique identifier of the single iteration across a single running instance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| iterationInInstance | integer | The unique identifier of the single iteration across the current instance. |
```

| currentTestRunDuration            | float   | The time passed from the start of the current test run in milliseconds.                    |

### VU

| Field               | Type    | Description                                                              |
|---------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| iterationInInstance | integer | The identifier of the iteration in the current instance.                                                                 |
| iterationInScenario | integer | The identifier of the iteration in the current scenario.                  |
| idInInstance        | integer | The identifier of the VU across the instance.                            |
| idInTest            | integer | The global-unique identifier of the VU.                                  |

### Get unqiue data once

One of the common cases,  it's getting an unqiue and incremental index for accessing a dataset's item only once time per test.

The `scenario.iterationInTest` field can be used for this case. Let's show an example:

```
import exec from "k6/execution";
import {SharedArray} from "k6/data";

> const data = new SharedArray(); // populate it with a real dataset

Reviewer: I think you should still return a workable SharedArray so this example can be tried by people instead of getting an error
